Glossary additions (#990)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/17-glossary-all.md

# Glossary

This page gives a quick reference to various object types and concepts within the Palette platform.
## App Mode

> A mode optimized for a simpler and streamlined developer experience that allows you to only focus on the building, maintenance, testing, deployment, and monitoring of your Kubernetes applications. App Mode removes the need to worry about the infrastructure management of a Kubernetes cluster and results in a PaaS-like experience, enabling you to only focus on deploying [App Profiles](#app-profile). App Mode also allows you to deploy [Palette Virtual Clusters](#palette-virtual-cluster).

Reviewer: the word "only" feels unnecessary to me "enabling you to ONLY focus on deploying ...", could just say "enabling you to focus on deploying ..."

## App Profile

> App Profiles are templates created with preconfigured services required for Palette Virtual Clusters deployment. App Profiles provide a way to drive consistency across virtual clusters. You can create as many profiles as required. An App Profile can be created to meet specific types of workloads on Palette Virtual Clusters.

Reviewer: not only preconfigured but to bundle your own applications together with common necessary sercies, such as cache, db, etc, and make it easier for you to deploy those services.

> App Profiles are templates created with preconfigured services required for Palette Virtual Clusters deployment. App Profiles provide a way to drive consistency across virtual clusters. You can create as many profiles as required. An App Profile can be created to meet specific types of workloads on Palette Virtual Clusters.

Author: What do tiers mean in this context?

> App Profiles are templates created with preconfigured services required for Palette Virtual Clusters deployment. App Profiles provide a way to drive consistency across virtual clusters. You can create as many profiles as required. An App Profile can be created to meet specific types of workloads on Palette Virtual Clusters.

Author: @antongisli, it's a question intended to call out that we haven't explained what tier is in this context. You answered the question for Resma 😉

> App Profiles are templates created with preconfigured services required for Palette Virtual Clusters deployment. App Profiles provide a way to drive consistency across virtual clusters. You can create as many profiles as required. An App Profile can be created to meet specific types of workloads on Palette Virtual Clusters.

Reviewer 2: :)) yaa Karl, we were using **layers** for these **componets/ tiers/services**. added to app profile.. with Devx the tier word came in usage. That's what I believe. 
https://docs.spectrocloud.com/cluster-profiles#layers

## Cloud Account

Cloud Accounts are where access credentials are stored for public and private clouds. It is used by the system to provide new cluster infrastructure and cluster resources. Cloud account information is treated as sensitive data and fully encrypted using the tenant's unique encryption key.

## Cluster Mode

> Cluster Mode enables you to create, deploy, and manage Kubernetes clusters and applications. In Cluster Mode, you can deploy Kubernetes cluster to public cloud providers, on-prem datacenters, and on the edge. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Cluster Mode enables you to create, deploy, and manage Kubernetes clusters and applications. In Cluster Mode, you can deploy Kubernetes clusters to public cloud providers, on-prem datacenters, and on the edge. 

```

## Palette Upgrade Controller

A Kubernetes controller to be installed into the workload cluster to facilitate upgrades to new P6OS image.

## Palette Virtual Cluster

> Palette Virtual Clusters enable operations teams to partition a host Kubernetes cluster and deploy lightweight virtual clusters on top, similar to how virtualization creates logically isolated virtual servers on top of physical machines. This is great for giving developers quick access to a sandbox environment for testing their code. Virtual clusters provide as strong a level of separation without introducing complicated overhead, such as separating physical resources and managing namespaces with complex RBAC configurations. Palette Virtual Clusters is powered by [vCluster](https://www.vcluster.com/). 

Reviewer 2: If we can give a link to host clusters (host cluster definition within the glossary) here would be great.

Author: @resmaa can you provide more context? How would you integrate host clusters into the definition?

Reviewer: A host cluster is just a regular kubernetes cluster that is used to host virtual clusters.

## Role

A Role is a collection of [permissions](#permission). There are two kinds of roles in Palette: *tenant roles* and *project roles*. *Tenant roles* are a collection of tenant-level permissions such as create a new user, add a new project, etc. *Project roles* consist of permissions for various actions within the scope of a project such as create a cluster profile, create a cluster, etc.
## Site Configuration Text User Interface (TUI)

TUI is initially used as an interface to site operator to provide site-specific settings such as NW Settings (Static IP, DHCP, WAN, GW, Proxy), Palette endpoint, and Device ID override. It can accept inputs from the unattended.yaml file.
## Spectro Agent

> Spectro Agent bridges the information transfer between Palette SaaS and Palette Orchestrator. The Spectro Agent collects the information on metrics, workloads, heartbeats, etc., and constantly updates to the SaaS platform for user access. In addition to this, the Spectro Agent is responsible for initiating and controlling Backup, OS-Patch, and Compliance Scan on the running cluster.

Reviewer: unnecessary definite articles? e.g. "collects information on metrics ..." rather than "collects the information on metrics ..."

## Role

A Role is a collection of [permissions](#permission). There are two kinds of roles in Palette: *tenant roles* and *project roles*. *Tenant roles* are a collection of tenant-level permissions such as create a new user, add a new project, etc. *Project roles* consist of permissions for various actions within the scope of a project such as create a cluster profile, create a cluster, etc.
## Site Configuration Text User Interface (TUI)

TUI is initially used as an interface to site operator to provide site-specific settings such as NW Settings (Static IP, DHCP, WAN, GW, Proxy), Palette endpoint, and Device ID override. It can accept inputs from the unattended.yaml file.
## Spectro Agent

> Spectro Agent bridges the information transfer between Palette SaaS and Palette Orchestrator. The Spectro Agent collects information on metrics, workloads, heartbeats, etc., and constantly updates to the SaaS platform for user access. In addition to this, the Spectro Agent is responsible for initiating and controlling Backup, OS-Patch, and Compliance Scan on the running cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Spectro Agent bridges the information transfer between Palette SaaS and Palette Orchestrator. The Spectro Agent collects information such as metrics, workloads, and heartbeats and constantly updates to the SaaS platform for user access. In addition to this, the Spectro Agent is responsible for initiating and controlling Backup, OS-Patch, and Compliance Scan on the running cluster.

```
